THIS IS NOT THE ACTUAL STORY, THIS IS THE ORIGINAL DRAFT

The Black Tavern is famous for its darkly tranquil atmosphere. Loud arguments are rare, brawls even rarer, even when everyone knows that guards do never visit. It would seem like the dream of every bartender, but the reason for its peaceful mood is that drunkards are afraid to visit. Rumours say that the bard, Calcy, who always sings there, is a skeleton whose gravely voice adds to the glum tone, that many of the visitors are walking dead and that it is the place necromancers come to have a drink together.

The visitors around the table just next to Calcy would be a really grim suite if they sat in any other tavern in Wesnoth. One of them, a slightly transparent man calling himself Mortimer was quite obviously a ghost. The other one, calling himself Strigo, was drinking a mug of blood instead of beer, exposing the huge teeth vampires have. The last one showed no atypical traits, but was quite certainly a creature of evil too, normal people would not sit near the other two. He told others to refer to him as Aarron, but it was clear that it was not his real name.

They discussed a cunning plot. They were not satisfied with the current king, Konrad I, who freed the country from an evil queen and gained widespread popularity. Each one had a slightly different motivation, Mortimer wanted to gain power, Strigo wanted to profit from the chaos of revolution and Aarron wanted to remove the king. His motivation might have been different than what he told, but he claimed the reason to be the alcoholism of their king. Konrad I was known to leave castle for various taverns on daily basis, probably running from his wife. If somebody tells you that the Queen is lovely, you could be certain that the speaker is a ghoul.

All of them had some skill with necromancy, but they knew well that raising an undead army sufficiently large to subdue the king was beyond their abilities. While listening to the melancholic melody of the bard, Aarron came to an idea. They might rouse people into a rebellion with songs. Songs different enough from the usual ones, attracting attention by their uniqueness. Something in the style of the bard they listened to, just a bit faster and aggressive. To demonstrate it, he borrowed Calcy's four stringed axe and begun to play fast, yelling a beastly tune. After a few complains from a tired old necromancer, Calcy took his axe back, complaining that Aarron had no idea how to play it, that it is not like hitting the strings with maximum speed and strength.

But he admitted that there was something interesting in Aarron's attempt. When the day was over and the visitors went seeking their own business, they explained Calcy what they were talking about and the bard was intrigued. He brought some wardrums from a corner and handed them to Mortimer, then brought two spare stringed axes from the cellar and taught them some basics how to play. He told Aarron to sing instead of him, as he saw some potential in his yelling. After some practice and Aarron's sorcery that slightly improved their sound, they went to play into a normal tavern in a nearby village. In disguise, to hide their undead nature.

Their first visit was not a large success, most tavern visitors fled it terror, but the more courageous stayed and listened to Aarron's songs about silly people liking the unreliable king only for coming to drink with them, about lords spending the hard earned wealth of peasants on opulent orgies of gluttony and about self-righteousness that characterised all people in offices. Their listeners agreed. After a few days, more visitors came and listened to those who spoke what they thought. Guards learned of it very fast and ambushed the party while travelling into the next village. The battle was easy, Aarron and Strigo fought like beasts, regenerating their wounds from ravaged flesh of their enemies, Calcy depressed the guards with music they were not used to and Mortimer slowly drained the life from everyone around him. Reinforcements came, but they raised undead and killed them too.

After a few more nights when the tavern they played in was so filled that there was no place to stand, a bigger regiment came to stop them. Again, they used their powers and minions to defeat them. The peasants who listened to them had suddenly less work to do because they no longer paid taxes, so their audience grew and they had to play outside. Mortimer had to drum more viciously and Aarron had to enchant their strings to be louder. The army blocked a nearby mountain pass to prevent them from playing closer to Weldyn.

With an army of skeletons, they conquered the pass and begun attacking nearby villages' guards and tax collectors, rousing villagers into rebellion on the way. The rebellious zone was growing, but it required more and more devotion to play for the people and they had little time to expand their region. The nobility picked a new technique to fight them, spreading rumours that the new bards are necromancers and roused other musicians against them to judge their music as an abomination. The rebels did not care. Some peasants even imitated them.

They crushed another attempt to stop their rebellion, it was close but the king got drunk and commanded the army to attack a decoy. Eventually one of king's counsellors picked a new strategy. They hired a beautiful elvish maiden and sent her to sing songs of love with signs of calm obedience. It had an unexpected success, after a short discussion it became clear that a half of the peasants is in love with the elf and her songs are getting attention because of extremely simple melodies that makes them catchy and causes people to remember them for ages. They attempted to ambush her and her guard, but they were tricky enough to avoid them. As their support kept falling fast, they made sure to follow wherever she sang to re-awaken the people with their shows, but they had less visitors.

Eventually, they tricked her party to get caught by sending their imitators to drive them into a place where Aarron, Mortimer, Calcy and Strigo waited. They slaughtered them all, but it did not help them regain their support. Some people kept following their message, but most lost any interest. Mortimer came up with a new idea, he remembered that Aarron told he had a girlfriend who was also an elf, also beautiful and that he could get her to join them. After a short time, she joined them with stage name Slayerina. She sung quite badly, but not many peasants realised that. They added an element of switching her lovely voice with his yelling to create an atmosphere of rapid changes, attracting some visitors back. The elf they murdered was quickly forgotten. They regained influence, but soon they realised that they were having issues to spread their region, because the soldiers went to slaughter peasants whenever they were not close enough to protect them. They ended up creating their own land of the free, but they failed to take down the drunkard king before he drunk himself to death.
