Characters:
Rimaru - white mage and healer, former priest, rude and lawless, claiming that he is fed up of the hypocrisy
player - indeterminate character, player can choose his identity
Reezer - a superhuman baby, too young to be capable of any action but anybody who sees him is enchanted by his glory
Luke, the Bringer of Light - leader of Brothers of Light, a religious order that cares about C
Burke - a baron, loyal to Brothers of Light
Saladin - emissary of southern kingdoms
Amara - an assassin in service of Luke, the Bringer of Light
Konrad - a powerful lord, very pragmatic
Uver - a powerful lord, loyal to Brothers of Light

Story:
A group of people in a tavern listen to a man telling news from the kingdom's capital. He tells that a really wonderful boy was born, so beautiful and glorious that all people gazed at him with awe. It was quickly understood that he was no normal child, children can't levitate, don't shine, and can't magically heal nearby people. He had to be a reborn god. An order of white mages, called Brothers of Light, started protecting him. He demands gold from everyone to help Brothers of Light to build a residence for the child and fund his safety.

Rimaru refuses to pay, claiming that Brothers of Light have enough gold and are just misusing the child to hoard more gold to build luxurious villas for themselves. An argument starts and Rimaru manages to persuade most people in the tavern not to pay. The storyteller claims that those who refuse to pay are harming the child, but it doesn't persuade anybody. Angered, he leaves. Outside of the tavern, they meet a group of white mages from Brothers of Light who demand contribution for raising the child in the luxury it deserves. When Rimaru shouts at the crowd that all they want is to live in luxury and the child is only an excuse for it, adding that the child might be just a good illusionist trick, they send their guards to kill him for blasphemy. A fight starts where the guards are defeated, but a few villagers die as well. Rimaru and the player assemble a small party to catch and imprison the white mages for their crimes.

The mages send a reserve guard group at them, but they are defeated too. When caught, they accuse Rimaru of trying to revenge on them because their teachings could not save his beloved little sister from dying from a disease years ago. He calls them liars and a fight follows, where Brothers of Light die.

Brothers of Light persuade a nearby baron, Burke, to punish the village for their deeds of violence and the player leads the villagers to victory, defeating the plunderers the baron sent. Expecting a greater horde, the villagers practice with weapons and create a small battalion. When the expected army comes, they are prepared and attack them from a well-defensible spot. When Burke's army is severely weakened, the player's small party enters the his castle and bend him to Rimaru's will after discovering evidence about him stealing parts of the royal taxes for himself.

Burke agrees to help them in the campaign. Together, they clear the nearby hills from bandits so that they could reach lord Konrad, a powerful lord who might understand their problem and might be able to offer significant help in the whole war. After defeating the bandits, a strange emissary calling himself Saladin comes and tells Burke that the kingdom started a meaningless war with them. He explains that they sent Brothers of Light away because of their expansive plans and they arranged a war because of it. He asks Burke to try to use his power to stop the war, because it damages both kingdoms for nothing. Rimaru tells the baron to agree. Then, suddenly, an assassin appears and attacks them all with dangerous magic and sharp blades. When overpowered, the assassin flees, promising a revenge.

Konrad welcomes them and seems to agree, but demands freeing his brother from lord Uver's prison in return. Rimaru claims that it's very selfish to demand favours when people are dying in war and persuades Konrad to temporarily withdraw his army from the war. The player's group passes through caves to get to a secret entrance into Uver's prison and release Konrad's brother. The assassin appears again, and fails again to kill anybody important. Konrad leaves to persuade the king and the player waits in his castle.

As a revenge, Brothers of Light assemble an army from lord Uver's men and send them against lord Konrad's castle. The player organises lord Konrad's army and defeats the attackers. He continues and invades lord Uver's lands, defeating him. Lord Konrad returns and tells that he failed to persuade the king, because the leader of Brothers of Light, Luke, known also as The Bringer of Light, has shown him the child, named Reezer. The stories of the child were real and it can be no illusion. The king did not change his mind, but he persuaded several lords to withdraw their soldiers, through only by telling them that Reezer should not grow up in a war-torn kingdom.

When discussing plans for future, the assassin appears from somewhere again and tries to kill them all again. Lord Konrad is killed. When defeated, the assassin is unmasked and it's revealed to be Amara, Rimaru's sister, misguided by Luke's lies. Rimaru tells that Brothers of Light are just using the child to gain money and power, they don't care about the situation in the world it's growing up in. She changes allegiance.

Using deception, the player's group takes control of Uver's army against Ziggurat, the bastion of Brothers of Light where Reezer is kept. Brothers of Light try to fight back. They are defeated and despite sending all their reserves, the player's group enters Ziggurat. Inside, they learn that the Brothers of Light have two Bringers of Light as leaders and nobody is quite sure who to obey. Amara raises some undead to help them fight the enemies who seem to be quite numerous. When the players reach the top of the tower, they find the two Bringers of Light preparing to fight each other, but when they notice that they have enemies next to them, they reluctantly unite. Their union wasn't sufficient to prevail, though.

The surviving Bringer of Light escapes and reaches Reezer. He threatens that he'll throw him down from the balcony if he will not be released, but when Amara angrily approaches, he decides to cut him and suddenly, he is killed by many subsequent lightning strikes. The god explains that he wanted to let humans do what they wanted, but it had some limitations and harming his son was beyond these limitations, so he had to intervene. After his departure, the child babbles some unclear information that the Brothers were making human sacrifices before him. Despite Reezer's way of speaking, everybody believes him and Brothers of Light lose their power and the war ends.
