Characters - Krux' team:
Krux the Incarcerator - a well-mannered member of the noble family, a ladies' man and a cowardly villain
Antipater the Empyrean - Krux' friend, a white mage who can justify any evil deeds he does
Acanthamoeba - Acantha for short, Krux' sister, everyone wants her to marry anyone suitable
Judas the Mole - a mercenary who follows Krux because of the money he's paid for it
some other fellows who join him

Headquarters' team (House Rais):
Prion the Shiverbringer - leader of the house, cunning and working hard on expanding his influence
Balamuthia - Prion's wife, mostly dealing with local politics
Agrippa the Wise - Prion's brother and advisor, prepares poisons and plots, caretaker of dungeons

House Mansion:
Marilyn - a skilled war leader, violent, not evil but all the violence he might be less good than being evil
Charles - the leader of house Mansion

Others:
Fowleri - elvish ambassador living in a human town, quite reputable among elves

Story:
It starts with Krux and his friends fighting bandits that threaten a small town. The bandits claim that they want to 'dethrone the tyrants', but they conclude that it's just an attempt to pretend that they possess a noble goal. They kill and imprison many bandits and take over their hideout.

After a return to their hometown, Strych, and announce their success to Krux' father, Prion. He tells he's done a good job and starts talking about another mission. House Mansion residing south of them is trying to expand their influence and governing conflicts are arising of it. He has learned that they appointed a new mayor to the town of Boonies, that was previously under Prion's rule. The new mayor's name is Marilyn, so he suggests that Krux might become friends with her and have her follow him instead.

Krux passes some wilder lands to reach Boonies. There he realises that Marilyn is not a woman, but a strong and dangerous man with an army, waiting for them to make their move. Krux tries to persuade him to marry Bala (to her, it sounds quite prospective). Marilyn accuses Krux' family of hiring necromancers to summon undead and sabotage their lands, weakening them. Krux' group steps back, but then they realise that Marilyn sent troops to build a fortification near the town to spot a possible attack sooner, but he is attacked by undead. Krux attacks them during the construction while most others are fighting the undead. Marilyn is forced to let him have to town and claims that the undead incursions caused them too much damage and he did not have good soldiers available because of that. Krux leaves most of his soldiers there to maintain order and returns. Back in Strych, Prion congratulates them for the victory. Krux takes a break.

Later, Prion suggests that they might continue spreading their influence, but he sees a problem in the fact that they are limited by mountains from north and have occupied everything there already. Mansions reside south and southeast from them and most of the disputed lands are not in their hands and trying to take over their other lands might have started a large confrontation that might be too risky. East is not an option either, they have taken over a lot of land there and they want its inhabitants to familiarise themselves with their command first. Elves live to the west, so they might be another direction of interest.

Obviously conquering elves would be foolish and suicidal, so Balamuthia suggests a cunning plan. Krux would marry an elf with influence, plot to increase the influence over the elvish council and eventually push away all opponents. The first obstacle is finding a female elf that would not mind being close to a human. Agrippa tells that he heard about one, an elf living in a human town, an ambassador of some sorts, living somewhere north from Strych, maybe in the town of Ogira.

Krux heads into Ogira, but besides a minor undead problem, he finds nothing. But he learns that one such elf named Fowleri lives in the town of Emants. They travel to the town of Emants and find the elf. Krux' fears that he would have to be a part of an arranged marriage disappear when he finds that it's a woman and a very attractive one. He asks a lot about her background to learn that she is escaping bad memories of surviving a massacre in an elvish village during an invasion. He tries his best to befriend her, asking her to show him how elves live so that he could improve the life of humans. This long term effort brings some results and they have long walks across forests, sometimes even lasting several days (Krux' amigos watch them from afar).

During one of those walks, they encounter a group of orcs and are forced to flee. They unite as Fowleri is the only one who knows the directions. They use a raft to surf down a rapid river to earn time. But Fowleri leads them into a different town, an elvish town called Amaranth. Krux decides that it's a good situation to get some reputation and he brings reinforcements from the nearby town, Ogira. Krux' reinforcements save the day, but the elves are not very fond of obeying him, even whe he shows that he has good skill at commanding. They do not consider him a hero, although they clearly don't know about his previous dubious deeds. Fowleri explains him that most elves consider humans somewhat inferior, frequently show little appreciation for them although they avoid hostile behaviour unless necessary. Fowleri leaves the town as she is officially an officer and when it's war time, she has to participate and she was appointed to a small outpost.

Sad about the failed plan, Krux leaves the town. It's clear that he will never rule the elves. His friend Antipater suggests a wicked plan. Krux will not rule the elves, but his daughter with Fowleri might. He can steal her child and plant him temporarily into Acantha, then remove it from her and plant it to some woman Krux seduces, pretending that it was their daughter. Krux is surprised that he made an elf pregnant, but agrees with the plan. They find an orcish camp, hire some of them to help them and use them to attack Fowleri's small outpost. Some elves are killed, some hid in the buildings and Fowleri is knocked unconscious according the the plan. Antipater does the wicked operation. Then they kill the orcs when they are not expecting anything and pretend that they saved the remaining elves. Krux leaves, telling that he has duties to do. In Ogira, Krux attends a party, gets drunk with a suitable lower ranking class noblewoman and when she is unconscious, they learn that Krux accidentally impregnated her. So he brings a less suitable woman and Antipater inserts the child into her. Krux leaves and takes a break.

Later, Krux happens to be in Ogira when it is attacked by an undead army and helps to repel the invasion. He returns to Strych, encountering a lot of undead on the way. In Strych, he finds even more undead. Krux is sent into the dungeons to find Agrippa. Inside, he finds immense numbers of undead. The prison shows up to be very large than he thought. He finds Agrippa's journal and learns that Agrippa was behind the attacks that weakened the Mansions and some time later, his pets ran out of control because some intruder tampered with them. He fights more ghouls and finds Agrippa, who claims that all is lost, the undead will be defeated and then the commanders and town mayors will turn against their family. He also tells that the only way to survive he can think of is to become undead. He transforms into a ghostly version of himself and tries to persuade Krux to do the same. Krux refuses, attacks him and defeats him.

He looks for the intruder, and he finds Fowleri. She tells that she learned that her son was stolen and claims that Krux has misused her to produce an interesting offspring to his family. She apparently has read Agrippa's journal too. She transforms Antipater into a large ghoul before she is defeated, but Krux decides not to kill her as he hopes that she might be useful for something. He takes her captive and leaves the dungeon to realise that the undead killed his parents before they were defeated and their vanquishers are eager to kill his family, having killed everyone except Acantha and him. He is found and surrounded. It becomes clear that he won't escape. His attempts to defend himself from their accusations fail, but he manages to persuade them to let Fowleri go, telling that he had kidnapped her. Acantha is allowed to save herself by marrying Marilyn, which she reluctantly accepts. They are locked in prison, awaiting execution.

Then the time of Krux' execution arrives. Fowleri stands near the execution platform and shouts that Krux was innocent, that he just had no choice but to follow his evil family. When nobody listens to her, she attacks and creates some undead from her victims. She is eventually defeated and Krux tells that he bewitched her. Because they see him as a wicked devil and don't want to mess up with the elvish kind too much, they believe him. His execution is scheduled for the next day to have time to prepare better for his 'witchery'. At night, Fowleri suddenly appears in Krux' dungeon and tells him that she has come to help. She makes an effigy roughly resembling Krux and leave a note that they should pretend that they had captured him, and hang the mock Krux. Then they flee the dungeon, killing any witnesses on the way, raising undead from them to make it look like a disaster that was put down by the heroic guards. They sneak out of the town and spend time in far north to have people forget about their appearances.

Fowleri and Krux live in a small elvish village deep in a forest for a few years until Krux gets sick of it and leaves to the west where nobody knows him. Fowleri does not like living like that and returns to her people, because it makes her feel safe from the horrors she has seen in the world of humans.
